capital = 622

oob = "LIY_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	mass_assault = 1
}
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.7

recruit_character = LIY_mao_zedong
recruit_character = LIY_zhu_de
recruit_character = LIY_chen_yi
recruit_character = LIY_peng_dehuai
recruit_character = LIY_lin_biao
recruit_character = LIY_kwong_hu
recruit_character = LIY_luo_zhao
recruit_character = LIY_liang_ma
recruit_character = LIY_ma_jin
recruit_character = LIY_ziao_jingguang
recruit_character = LIY_nie_rongzhen
recruit_character = LIY_su_yu
recruit_character = LIY_liu_bocheng
recruit_character = LIY_chen_geng
recruit_character = LIY_gao_qiu
recruit_character = LIY_liang_shen
recruit_character = LIY_otto_braun
recruit_character = LIY_gao_gang
recruit_character = LIY_fang_zeyi
recruit_character = LIY_xu_xiangqian
recruit_character = LIY_deng_ye_peng
recruit_character = LIY_ye_jianying
recruit_character = LIY_hsia_tian
recruit_character = LIY_zhang_wei
recruit_character = LIY_zhou_enlai
recruit_character = LIY_liu_shaoqi
recruit_character = LIY_lin_bojiu
recruit_character = LIY_dong_biwu
recruit_character = LIY_he_yuandang


save_global_event_target_as = WTT_communist_china


1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100
	oob = "LIY_1939"

	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
		}
		complete_national_focus = LIY_strengthen_the_central_secretariat
		complete_national_focus = LIY_land_redistribution
		complete_national_focus = LIY_enforce_the_three_rules
		complete_national_focus = LIY_agrarian_socialism
		complete_national_focus = LIY_the_yanan_base_area
		complete_national_focus = LIY_focus_on_china
		complete_national_focus = LIY_infiltration
		complete_national_focus = LIY_revolutionary_military_commission
		complete_national_focus = LIY_literacy_programs
		complete_national_focus = CHI_mission_to_the_soviet_union
		complete_national_focus = LIY_ban_the_opium_trade
		complete_national_focus = LIY_military_intelligence_department
		complete_national_focus = LIY_prepare_for_war_with_japan
		complete_national_focus = LIY_anti_japanese_expedition
		complete_national_focus = LIY_provoke_japan
		complete_national_focus = LIY_mobile_warfare

		set_research_slots = 3

		add_ideas = {
			LIY_revolutionary_military_commission
			LIY_low_popular_support_3
			LIY_the_long_march_2
			LIY_mobile_warfare
			LIY_focus_on_china
		}
		remove_ideas = {
			LIY_low_popular_support_1
			LIY_the_long_march_1
		}
		else = {
			#generic focuses
			complete_national_focus = army_effort
			complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
			complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
			complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
			complete_national_focus = naval_effort
			complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
			complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
			complete_national_focus = construction_effort
			complete_national_focus = production_effort
		}
	}
	
	# Chinese Popular Front effects
	add_to_war = {
		targeted_alliance = CHI
		enemy = JAP
		hostility_reason = asked_to_join
	}
	set_country_flag = LIY_joined_CHI_against_JAP
	remove_opinion_modifier = { target = CHI modifier = hostile_status }
	add_state_claim = 612
	add_state_claim = 611
	add_state_claim = 714
	add_state_claim = 717
	add_state_claim = 328
	add_state_claim = 716
	add_state_claim = 715
	add_state_claim = 610
	add_state_claim = 609
	add_state_claim = 597
	add_state_claim = 614
	add_state_claim = 525
	add_state_claim = 608
	add_state_claim = 615
	add_state_claim = 527

	add_ideas = {
		#laws
		partial_economic_mobilisation
		service_by_requirement
		closed_economy
	}
	
	set_technology = {
		tech_mountaineers = 1
		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		pocket_defence = 1
		defence_in_depth = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1
		basic_encryption = 1
		basic_decryption = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		fuel_refining = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		construction3 = 1
		concentrated_industry = 1
		concentrated_industry2 = 1
		concentrated_industry3 = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 100
}

add_ideas = {
	closed_economy
	service_by_requirement
	partial_economic_mobilisation
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
	}
	add_ideas = {
		LIY_the_long_march_1
		LIY_low_popular_support_3
		LIY_power_struggles
		LIY_red_army_weakened
	}
}

add_opinion_modifier = { target = CHI modifier = hostile_status }
